
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:25	Parameter 'blankFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:25	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:25	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:25	Parameter 'parameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:35	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:37	Overridable method 'copyData' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:40	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:48	Local variable 'mapData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:49	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:53	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:55	Local variable 'listData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:56	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:60	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:94	Local variable 'parameter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/AbstractQuery.java:123	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'query' (lines '123'-'124').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/DefaultQuery.java:16	Parameter 'blankFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/DefaultQuery.java:16	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/DefaultQuery.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/DefaultQuery.java:16	Parameter 'parameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/DefaultQuery.java:31	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/DefaultQuery.java:36	Local variable 'parameter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/DefaultQuery.java:41	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '41'-'43').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:9	Private field 'elements' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:11	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:18	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:22	Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:27	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'data'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:27	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'data'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:28	Local variable 'parameterResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:30	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '30'-'37').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:37	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '37'-'37').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:49	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'data'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:49	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'data'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:49	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:51	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:69	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:72	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/JsonPath.java:74	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:9	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:10	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:16	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:28	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:32	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:36	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:41	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:41	Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:42	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:42	Private field 'id' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:44	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:45	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:45	Private field 'defaultValue' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:49	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:49	Parameter 'defaultValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:65	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:81	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:85	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:93	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/Parameter.java:105	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.File'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:23	The class 'ParameterTypeResolver' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like parameterNamePattern
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like parameterNameMatcher
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:58	Avoid excessively long variable names like expectedTypeByProperty
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:59	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:59	Private field 'expectedTypeQuery' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:61	Private field 'readService' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:62	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:62	Perhaps 'queryParser' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:62	Private field 'queryParser' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:63	Avoid unused private fields such as 'reader'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:63	Private field 'reader' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:65	Parameter 'readService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:71	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:77	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'expectedType'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:77	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'expectedType'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:77	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:77	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:77	The method 'processData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:79	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:85	Local variable 'mapData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:87	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:90	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:95	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:96	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childExpectedType' (lines '96'-'102').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:96	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childExpectedType' (lines '96'-'108').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:100	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:101	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:101	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:115	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:115	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:117	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:118	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:119	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/ParameterTypeResolver.java:129	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:18	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.narphorium.freebase.query.AbstractQuery'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:24	The class 'QueryParser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like parameterNamePattern
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like parameterNameMatcher
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:30	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:30	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:31	Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:32	Local variable 'parameters' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:33	Local variable 'parametersByName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:34	Local variable 'blankFields' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:35	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:40	Parameter 'queryFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:45	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '45'-'46').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:46	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:46	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '46'-'55').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:47	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:49	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:58	Parameter 'blankFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:58	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:58	The method 'processData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:59	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:62	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:62	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '62'-'106').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:64	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:74	Avoid unused local variables such as 'childExpectedType'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:74	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childExpectedType' (lines '74'-'74').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:74	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childExpectedType' (lines '74'-'106').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:75	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:77	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '77'-'77').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '77'-'82').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:77	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '77'-'106').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:78	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '78'-'78').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:78	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '78'-'81').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:78	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '78'-'106').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:82	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '82'-'77').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:82	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '82'-'106').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:84	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:85	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:89	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryParser.java:98	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.File'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:10	The class 'QueryWriter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:12	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:12	Private field 'indent' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:13	Private field 'newline' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like alwaysShowOptional
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:15	Avoid unused private fields such as 'alwaysShowOptional'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:15	Private field 'alwaysShowOptional' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:16	Avoid unused private fields such as 'alwaysShowLimit'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:16	Private field 'alwaysShowLimit' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like shortenPropertyKeys
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:17	Avoid unused private fields such as 'shortenPropertyKeys'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:17	Private field 'shortenPropertyKeys' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:19	Parameter 'indent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:19	Parameter 'multiline' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:24	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like withholdStartOffset
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:29	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:29	Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:29	The method 'writeNode' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:32	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:33	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:34	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:36	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:38	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:40	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:41	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:44	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:45	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:46	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:47	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:54	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:56	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:59	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/query/io/QueryWriter.java:66	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:13	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.narphorium.freebase.query.io.QueryParser'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:29	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:29	Parameter 'readService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:32	Overridable method 'reset' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:40	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:40	Local variable 'resultData' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:41	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'resultData'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:63	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:84	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:84	Local variable 'q' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:88	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:88	Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:90	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:93	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:97	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/AbstractResultSet.java:97	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:23	Private field 'query' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:24	Private field 'jsonData' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:26	Parameter 'jsonData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:26	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:31	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:35	Parameter 'variable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:36	Local variable 'parameter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:39	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:45	Parameter 'variable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:55	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/DefaultResult.java:55	Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:8	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:9	Private field 'names' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:10	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:10	Private field 'aliases' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:11	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:11	Private field 'types' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:15	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:15	Parameter 'match' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:15	Parameter 'names' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:15	Parameter 'score' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:15	Parameter 'types' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResult.java:27	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResultSet.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResultSet.java:9	Private field 'results' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResultSet.java:11	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/ReconciliationResultSet.java:13	Parameter 'results' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/results/SearchResultSet.java:3	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.narphorium.freebase.results.AbstractResultSet'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:27	Private field 'connectionManager' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:28	Private field 'httpClient' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:31	Private field 'jsonParser' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:32	Private field 'jsonWriter' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:38	Use the correct logging statement for logging exceptions
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:42	Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:50	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'url'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:51	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'content' (lines '51'-'81').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:51	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:56	Local variable 'method' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:60	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:66	Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:67	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '67'-'68').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:68	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:68	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '68'-'81').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:69	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append().
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:83	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:83	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:84	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '84'-'113').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:84	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:101	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '101'-'102').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:102	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:102	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '102'-'113').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:103	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer constructor or append().
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:115	Parameter 'results' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/AbstractFreebaseService.java:119	Parameter 'object' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:19	Avoid unused private fields such as 'queryParser'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:19	Private field 'queryParser' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:25	Parameter 'baseUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:30	Parameter 'cursor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:30	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:31	Local variable 'queries' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:34	Local variable 'cursors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:37	Local variable 'envelope' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:38	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:40	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:47	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:51	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:61	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:62	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:66	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:67	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:68	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:70	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:72	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:88	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:93	Avoid unused local variables such as 'info'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReadService.java:93	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '93'-'103').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:28	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:30	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:33	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:36	Local variable 'parameters' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:39	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:42	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:49	Parameter 'values' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:54	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:55	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:59	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/ReconciliationService.java:64	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/SearchService.java:9	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/TransService.java:23	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'id'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/TransService.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/TransService.java:24	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/TransService.java:27	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/TransService.java:28	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/TransService.java:29	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'content'
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/UploadService.java:9	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/UploadService.java:9	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:22	Logger should be defined private static final and have the correct class
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:32	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:32	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:34	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:35	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:38	Avoid unused local variables such as 'result'.
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:38	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '38'-'48').
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:38	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:39	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:51	Local variable 'queries' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:58	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:62	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:75	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:78	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:79	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:80	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:82	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/WriteService.java:85	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/narphorium/freebase/services/exceptions/FreebaseServiceException.java:20	The String literal "unused" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 20